Add `MattHandzel/taskwarrior.nvim` (#2296)
rockerBOO/awesome-neovim: README.md

- [indium114/studytools.nvim](https://github.com/indium114/studytools.nvim) - Various utilities to enhance the studying and note-taking experience.
- [iwe-org/iwe.nvim](https://github.com/iwe-org/iwe.nvim) - Integration with `IWE`, an LSP designed for Markdown-based knowledge management and note-taking workflows.
- [carloscalla/notepad.nvim](https://github.com/carloscalla/notepad.nvim) - Quick note-taking in Markdown with both repo-specific and global notepad support.

> - [MattHandzel/taskwarrior.nvim](https://github.com/MattHandzel/taskwarrior.nvim) - Edit Taskwarrior tasks as a Neovim buffer. Render tasks as Markdown checkboxes, bulk-edit with Vim motions (`dd`, `:s/`, visual mode), diff-and-apply on save. Inspired by oil.nvim.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [MattHandzel/taskwarrior.nvim](https://github.com/MattHandzel/taskwarrior.nvim) - Edit Taskwarrior tasks in a buffer, render tasks as Markdown checkboxes, bulk-edit with Vim motions, diff-and-apply on save. Inspired by oil.nvim.
```
